Written by Dr Michael J Touati - CLPU - 08/11/2019

1)

It is impossible to find the  book :
Andersen, H. H. and Ziegler, J. F. (1977). Hydrogen: Stopping Powers and Ranges in All Elements. Vol. 3 of The Stopping and Ranges of Ions in Matter (Pergamon Press, Elmsford, New York)
on the internet. It seems that the only one way is to buy it.
It is used by NIST in  fitting formulas for "some materials" that are  needed to evaluate proton stopping power formulae at low energies.

2)

Same thing for the book  :
Ziegler, J. F. (1977). Helium: Stopping Powers and Ranges in all Elemental Matter. Vol. 4 of The Stopping and Ranges of Ions in Matter (Pergamon Press, New York)
It is used by NIST in  fitting formulas for "some materials" that are  needed to evaluate alpha particle (Helium) stopping power formulae at low energies.

3)

Same thing for the report :
Watt, D.E. (1988). Stopping Cross Sections, Mass Stopping Powers and Ranges in 30 Elements for Alpha Particles (1 keV to 100 MeV). (Department Physics and Astronomy, University of St. Andrews, Scotland)
It is used by NIST in  fitting formulas for "some materials" that are  needed to evaluate alpha particle (Helium) stopping power formulae at low energies.

4)

Same thing for the report :
Powers, D. (1978). Stopping Cross Sections and Ranges for Alpha Particles in Matter. (Department of Physics, Baylor University, Waco, Texas). Report prepared for the ICRU Stopping Power Committee
It is used by NIST in  fitting formulas for "few other materials"  that are  needed to evaluate alpha particle (Helium) stopping power formulae at low energies

5)

Same thing for the book :
Ziegler, J. F. Biersack, J. P., and Littmark, U. (1985). The Stopping and Range of Ions in Solids. Vol. 1 of The Stopping and Ranges of Ions in Matter (Pergamon Press, New York)
The "universal" ion-atom potential presented in this book is used for alpha particles (Helium) elastic scattering cross sections.

6)
Same thing for the report :
BICHSEL, H. (1967). " A Fortran Program for the Calculation of the Energy Losses of Heavy Charged Particles," Report ICRL 17538, (National Technical Information Service, Springfield, Virginia)